good afternoon dear viewers and
my channel followers are with you like
I always vahrushev Ivan and you look
channel dedicated windows and windows
phone
I think everyone has been waiting for you
this day 2 build windows 10 for
smartphones and list expansion
supported devices and so now
maintained a huge amount
smartphones almost all models for
except for example lime 930 and lumia
icon and the latest lumi types
640 430 principle all old models
supported now you can
try to upgrade to windows 10
put on your smartphone and see
what's the result well and actually
that's about it today and will be discussed
the first thing I strongly recommend to you
do before installing windows 10
update is a backup of your smartphone
save all important and necessary data
before you install anything
copy everything you need to do
backup and only after that
start installing windows 10
before installing windows 10 strongly
it is recommended to charge the smartphone yes yes to
stop up to 100 percent either charge and
at least
over 50 percent and leave on
charging so what do we need to
install windows 10 on your smartphone well
Firstly of course the update and
ability to install windows 10 on your
smartphone should be a complete list
supported devices you can find
on microsoft site but i think i will post
him
and under this video so what we need
including wi-fi
entering the store and looking for an application
windows insider this year
upgrade to windows 10 can
try a huge amount
Mac users launched the so-called
windows insider program
how to install windows 10 on
I already told the laptop now
there is a similar program for
smartphones and let's install the right one
us application
all to fair me an app now
not established i do all the same
that will make you and so we download
application install it and after
installation we will need to this
attachment
go see i don't delete the application
thumbs up entering the farce it just leaving
installed windows insider additionally
and so to get the preview version
windows 10 for smartphones we need
hit the gas while you loved
next we will need to select a cycle
get updates insider words
slow update cycle that is
getting a more stable build either
insider fast well choose a word and click
further and we need to confirm our
consent you must understand that
installing windows 10 is enough
risky system is still extremely raw this
assembly for it is not even complete
beta so you need to understand the whole
liability and possible risks and so
everything cool
windows insider wrote us that everything
done and it will overload our
the device and so the smartphone rebooted
Now we go to the construction site and check
the availability of affordable versions of presence
updates
so update checked see
What will happen
vatafak phone does not need
update
what the fuck what about windows insider
We go in the application again well
choose insider fast
confirm your choice
again offers to reboot and so
smartphone rebooted let's go to settings
and check for updates cheers
update found download starts
windows 10
cheers if you suddenly something is not
it turns out then leave comments under
This video is preferably a reference to
screenshots somewhere either write to
our group VKontakte we will try
answer all your questions and
try to solve the problem arising
during the installation of updates and receiving
you view windows 10 version but apart from
Of course, leave yours
impressions of windows 10 for smartphones
about what you liked what not
did you like using thumbs
version if the dream and go constantly or
roll back after installation
be sure to make a video later
You talked about how to roll back with
windows 10 on windows phone 8.1 if you need
Suddenly something was not pleasant either
don't miss anything subscribe to
channel right now
update loaded preparing to
installation generally need to understand that
the process is not fast and probably in an hour
may not be able to do everything in it
time your smartphone may be unavailable
for calls so keep in mind that
things like that 1 better put off even
be late at night
so you do not need
suddenly somewhere to run so no one will
lost neither started calling you and so
preparing to install the update
complete and see what we are writing
smartphone important update ready for
installing windows 10 technical tararam
preview for phones cider you
configuration update cool Well Well
install
the smartphone rebooted and started
I understand the update installation
installing update winter enough
much time since only
preparing to install it took somewhere
20 minutes well, now almost remains
a little bit
now the installation process is possible
see new battery indicator
cheers well here is the update installation
completed my expectations are not confirmed
Immediately an update came to windows 10
technical preview
we installed it and everything is ready like this
Now the desktop system looks
changed a little
The list of applications is also several
has changed
something will probably be up to
installed over time have flown away
password and immediately after installing these
things will have to be restored and so
network fe connected some applications
until there is a general difference
innovations can already be seen
for example an updated notification center
updated application list and so
further about all major innovations
windows 10 technical preview I will tell
in a separate video
it was exactly a video on how to get
windows 10 technical preview
through the windows insider program except
moreover, I will tell you about how
roll back from windows 10 to windows phone
8.1
if you suddenly don't like something else
I repeat, ask all your questions
ask in the comments if
something that does not work share your
impressions put likes
subscribe to the channel look into
our group vkontakte and see you soon
in the future bye